The 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching The
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with
Annabelle Jewelers.
>> We're counting down to the open of
markets in greater China and our top
stories this morning. Oil is edging
lower as President Trump extends his
deadline for Iran to strike a deal with
the US. He says talks with Tehran are
going very well.
>> But traders remain cautious with Asia
following the sell-off on Wall Street.
Tech and memory chips also weighing on
the Kospi after Google touts a memory
breakthrough.
>> Plus, we have a slew of exclusive
interviews lined up on The China Show.
We'll be talking earnings with
executives of Pony.ai, WeRide, and
Henderson Land.
>> I still can't quite wrap my head around
all the stuff that's happening on the
show here today. We talk about the
amount of earnings and the CEOs that are
coming on, whether it's from the
robo-taxi side of things all the way to
property with Henderson Land. And then
we got the ETF segment as well. So
certainly there's a lot on tap. But I
think we're still focusing on as we wrap
up this trading week of what was
supposed to be, you know, optimism
around some sort of ceasefire in Iran.
It seems like those sort of
uh hopes are at least fading now.
>> Hopes fading, but also this extension is
in play. And so that's also driving, I
guess, commodity prices or it is driving
commodity prices. I mean, we we we had
that deadline. It was supposed to be 5
days, now it's 10 days. And so that's
the big question. I mean, President
Trump says the talks are going very
well. Tehran, obviously, we've seen it
having consistently quite a different
perception of how negotiations are
proceeding.
>> And who is President Trump actually
speaking to on the Iranian side uh
certainly is the key question. And I
think yeah, I think Bloomberg
Intelligence had a pretty interesting
take on it that, you know, $100 oil can
actually prolong for for a long time
here. That maybe we be some sort of
peaches given what we're seeing with the
rhetoric. But it seems like that $100
oil is here to stay for at least a
little bit more longer. As of course
this extension of this deadline maybe
does just extend the uncertainty a
little bit longer, too.
>> Yeah, certainly we have seen uh really
oil slipping on that deadline extension.
But let's take a look then at the market
action because we saw that sell-off on
Wall Street overnight. Actually, futures
are just matching a little bit high, but
it's it's really the main theme that
we're tracking today. And of course
there's really one big standout to the
downside, that's SK Hynix. There you can
see
all of them more than 4% at this point
in time. This is a story that's actually
started trending through the second half
of the week. So to put it in context
here, we're essentially very cautious or
there is caution around these memory
chip names. So SK Hynix, Samsung in
particular. Let's take a look at how
they're faring Kioxia as well, of
course, over in Japan. But but the the
sell-off here is being driven by a
release from Google. So actually,
they've just talked about their Turbo
quantum algorithm. They They had
released this last year, but they've
just publici- -zed it this week. And And
the key question here is you have this
compression
uh for for for running large language
models. Does that mean that less memory
is required? And that's why you're
seeing this downside pressure today. So
more with less essentially, and what
does that mean for that huge run-up
we've seen in some of the Korean names
in particular. Oil, as we said, big
focus on what's happening in the energy
space given you've got President Trump
extending this deadline for Iran to
strike a deal with the US by 10 days. Uh
as we said, his his his view is that the
talks are going very well. But there's
certainly big questions around what this
means for the for the risk of inflation.
And we've seen that very much building
into yields at the front end of the
curve. Uh you can see it continuing to
track what's happening with the US
2-year yield there. The Korean one, of
course, another one that we're tracking
uh given we've got that currency past
that 1,500 mark, but around levels we
haven't seen since 2009. So big bearing
on these economies in this part of the
world that are major energy importers.
Uh taking a quick look as well as said
the setup for China today, it's very
much driven by the earning story. That's
what we've been tracking this week.
Yesterday it was at $1.1 trillion in
market cap that was reporting. Lots of
different names that we're speaking to
and lots of great interviews coming up
this hour.
>> Yeah, um, everything from Pony.ai,
WeRide, Henderson, Christie's CEO. I
mean, we're talking about about that
their anniversary, of course, this
auction coming up. It's It's art week
also in Hong Kong. So, there's a lot
>> Isn't this the smallest board, I think
you could say? There's really something
for everyone.
>> It's a busy week.
>> It's a news buffet.
>> Yeah, um, and we were talking about
restaurants. I mean, it's just it's just
a busy week for Hong Kong. Uh, President
Trump, though, let's talk about the
latest. Extending his deadline for Iran
to strike a deal with the US or face
more attacks. He has given Tehran 10
more days now, offering a brief calm to
global energy markets.
>> I gave them uh
a 10-day
period. They asked for seven.
You're going to say, "Oh, Trump's a
terrible negotiator." They asked for
seven and I said, "I'm going to give you
10 because they gave me ships." And you
know, we talked about the eight ships,
you know, the president that I talked
about the other day. But, uh, they asked
for seven and I gave them 10. You got 10
days.
And they were very thankful about that.
>> Meanwhile, the Wall Street Journal is
reporting that the US is weighing
sending another 10,000 ground troops to
the Middle East. Let's bring in our
Bloomberg News desk managing editor Jill
Disis.
So, we've we've kicked the can down the
road for another 10 days. How should we
interpret that move?
>> Yes, well, I think at this point it I
think as you mentioned earlier, Yvon,
we're kind of just prolonging the period
of uncertainty here. Obviously, you're
seeing a little bit of that relief just
because the threat that Trump is posing
here is so massive. The idea of striking
energy sites, I mean, we saw what
happened What was it, a week ago?
When we we had the retaliation from
Iran. We know that they're more than
willing to come back with strikes of
their own on key energy facilities. So,
I mean, the fact that you've kind of uh
delayed that a little bit is why you're
seeing that reprieve here, but
ultimately, we still have so much
uncertainty around how these
negotiations are even taking place. I
mean, a lot of uh key Iran military and
uh intelligence officials are dead. Uh
we have some indication that maybe uh
key to the negotiations is the Iranian
speaker in parliament, but again, we
still don't have a ton of confirmation
there. There's a lot of conflicting back
and forth over this 15-point plan that
the US to Iran where we've heard um you
know, the Iranians have outright
rejected the idea of that 15-point plan.
Um so, ultimately here, you you do have
this reprieve. It's still unclear uh
exactly, you know, how these
negotiations took place, but uh we we
still don't know what that means beyond
that 10 days or if anything significant
could happen within that period uh
before that April 6th deadline.
>> Yeah, well, something I guess that could
be significant would be this plan that
we've got from the Wall Street Journal
reporting that Trump's looking at
possibly sending another 10,000 ground
troops. So,
what have we heard on that front? And
then, what are the the key things that
you're actually watching out for as
well?
>> Yeah, so this is a fresh report just
within the last 30 minutes or so. Does
appear to have had a little bit of
market impact there, but cuz obviously,
that would um you know, imply that uh
while there's maybe a reprieve during
the negotiations, that doesn't
necessarily mean that zero military
action would be taking place over that
10-day period, right? Um so, I think
that's what you're seeing out of that uh
report from the Wall Street Journal.
Obviously, um again, uh you do have that
idea of these these conflicting reports
um within how exactly these negotiations
are going to take place. What that
ultimately means for um you know,
further action within the region. Um you
know, could it be that uh maybe there's
no strikes on energy sites, but you
continue to see other types of um air
strikes that are happening within the
region. And all of that ultimately uh
just comes to the bottom line that the
Strait of Hormuz still doesn't feel
secure, is not fully open, uh and you're
still dealing with massive restrictions
on oil supply, energy security around
the world. I mean, we hear more and more
um every day it feels, about various,
um, energy austerity measures in Asia in
particular and how deeply that's been
impacted and our own, um, research from
our colleagues at Bloomberg Intelligence
and, um, Bloomberg Economics shows that
even if the war were to end today, we've
already seen substantial economic shocks
that have played out, uh, throughout the
world. And so, I mean, you're still kind
of, you know, dealing with that. I think
we've actually got some economic data
coming up next week that may show us a
little bit more in terms of how that's
starting to play into the inflation
calculus for certain economies, but, um,
I mean, ultimately, uh, the world has
already been damaged in many ways, um,
and it's still unclear how long that's
going to continue.
>> Yeah, absolutely. All right, Jill,
thanks so much for joining us. That was
our Bloomberg News Desk Managing Editor,
Jill Disis there. And let's bring in our
Managing Editor for Asia Equities,
that's Leantain Too in Singapore. And
Leantain,
Jill just laid it out there really
perfectly for us, but talking about how
even if the war were to end immediately,
the shocks are still here and they're
still going to be reverberating around
or through the economy. So,
how long then? I mean, it seems like
caution in markets is is certainly set
to be the tone for for quite a while
now.
>> Yeah, definitely. Um, the market reproof
that we saw this morning after Trump
announced us the second pause is much
mu- more muted than what we saw on
Monday when Trump first came out to talk
about it, uh, uh, the extension in
deadline. And that really means the
people are sort of looking beyond the
rhetorics and looking for something a
little bit more concrete. They want to
see the the concrete negotiation details
and also the plan to reopen the Strait
of Hormuz. And that is really not coming
through.
And as a result, people are really
turning to cash holdings. So, according
to BofA's latest survey, cash holdings
at fund managers jumped the most in 60
years this month. And if JPMorgan came
out to say that this shift in
positioning will continue just because,
uh, relatively historical holdings of
cash right now we're still at a
low level. That means there is a further
sort of selling in equities and bonds to
go. And just to give you some numbers,
right now cash holdings is around 4.3%
of the overall allocation for fund
managers. And during the 2022 Ukraine
war, that number is much higher. It's at
about 5.6%.
>> Yeah, and Bill, you know, we were
talking about the whole Turbo Quant sort
of what this means for the whole memory
chip space.
The breakthrough I I liked how you said
it, right? It's basically using less
with more with more more with less with
more.
More with less. Sorry, more with less.
>> You're doing more with less. That's
that's the whole question because
we've spoken about this before, this
this sort of concept around how how
Chinese LLMs, for instance, like Deep
Seek were able to do more with less. But
this is a bit of a different concept in
the sense that
what Turbo Quant not what the algorithm
can do essentially is is cut the amount
of memory that's required to train or
run large language models. And they're
talking at the by factor of six. So,
this is actually technology that came
out last year, but it's only been
publicized this week. And
it's interesting because we've seen very
sharp sell-off in the memory names in
particular that started yesterday, but
it's it's really extending into the
session.
>> Yeah, the NT, how how are you looking at
from the equity angle? I mean, this has
always been the picks and shovels uh has
been the you know, Asia has definitely
benefited if you take a look at how
Korea, how how Taiwan has performed.
Could this really derail that sort of
trend now?
>> Yeah, I think a lot of calculations
still being done by analysts. But the
first reaction that we saw from analysts
is that they think demand for memory
chips is still extremely tight. So, this
kind of new technology which may lead to
some reduction in memory chip demand
will actually not immediately hurt the
demand, but I think the market reaction
is really telling us that these bets on
memory chips globally, not just those in
South Korea, but you know, in in the US
and Micron is actually really
concentrated. And because that trade has
been one of the best performing trades
in the past year. So, that's why we're
seeing the kind of very drastic market
reaction. And specifically around SK
Hynix and Samsung There have been
leveraged ETFs listed in Hong Kong
around these two names. So, there's
basically more risk and sort of more
momentum involved in trading these two
names just because for rebalancing of
these leveraged ETFs at the end of the
day, if the stock was down during the
day trade day trading session, there's
going to be further selling in futures
and other options related to these
stocks at the end of the day. So, that
could exacerbate whatever we saw during
the trading day. That's why we're seeing
a very huge reaction right now during
some around some Korean names.
>> Lanting, thank you Lanting to there our
managing editor for Asia equities
joining us out of Singapore this
morning. Yeah, apart from just the whole
sort of
Iran situation, I mean we still have to
deal with a lot of earnings. And
exclusive interviews coming up on the
China show. The CEOs of Pony AI, WeRide,
and Henderson Land will speak to us to
talk about their results. Plus, the head
of Christie's joins us, APAC head, as
they mark their 40th anniversary in the
region there.
Welcome back to the China show. Yeah,
lots of earnings to wrap up here this
week. Of course, there's been some
around the Meituan story. Actually, it
was actually better than feared in some
aspects here. So, that's why I thought
maybe we're seeing Citi raise that stock
to a buy with a price target of 110 now.
Meanwhile, we did see that slump in Pony
AI shares overnight with the ADRs. That
is rated a new neutral at BNP Paribas.
And we're talking robotics a lot here
today as well. Horizon Robotics, that's
a rated a new neutral there from BNP
also.
>> Yeah, lots and lots of earnings on tap.
And as you said, it's that robo-taxi
theme cuz we've got Pony AI, WeRide that
have reported this week, and RoboSense
were about to CEO as well. And they're
one of the big lidar suppliers to these
names. But let's get back to Meituan
because it's as we said, it's reported
its second straight quarterly loss as
the price wars continue to bite. Its
losses narrowed though in the 3-month
period as revenue growth accelerated.
Bloomberg Intelligence says the
company's profit rebound remains at risk
from AI rivalry. Our senior analyst
Catherine Lim is with us. So
yeah, as Yvonne Yvonne said it
the numbers were maybe not as bad as
feared, but but what did we learn from
Meituan about how it's assessing the the
competitive landscape essentially?
>> Right. You know, firstly, we're going to
see the third straight quarter because
they've also highlighted that you know,
the first quarter of this year, they're
going to still be in losses. And I think
the indication's still going to be the
same. It's going to be better
you know, sequentially.
On the competitive landscape, I think
what was interesting was that you know,
there was a question raised on Douyin
itself. And they did actually conquer
that the rivalry from Douyin, and this
is content led discovery is actually
intensifying. And they actually felt the
pressure. And if you actually combine
that with what we are seeing from
Alibaba using AI and incorporating that
into eco system, you're going to really
then understand the kind of pressure
that Meituan is actually facing and why
specifically yesterday they actually
spent more time on what they're going to
do on the AI front. And that still
continues to be a focus for the company.
>> Yeah. I mean, maybe this I can combine
two questions, right? How much does AI
matter now in this competition? And how
is that going to
impact the earnings, right? Do you think
Meituan can still recover profits this
year?
>> Right. You know, I think it is out there
with what we've heard in the last one
week itself. AI is going to be the new
gateway, you know, for traffic. And Meet
One has to actually get into that game.
Do you know, whether it is us or Xiaomi,
you know, the AI assistant, etc. That's
the way that, you know, they're going to
try and actually keep and draw continue
to actually retain the traffic that they
already had. So, I think, you know,
going forward, you know, this is now the
new way of actually ordering, you know,
via all our assistants, etc. They're
going to recommend, you know, all the
best deals that's actually out there.
And, you know, we're going to see the
company investing. And the key question
really is that as they invest, how is
that going to actually impact, you know,
their profits, the returns? No doubt
about them turning back into profits
this year. Now, the question is, you
know, just how much more profits are
they going to get this year?
>> Yeah, I think I do need an AI assistant
when I order on on food delivery apps.
There's just too many choices. I mean, I
need someone to help, you know, just
filter through for me. Like I need
>> decision paralysis.
>> I do. I have to wait sometimes at
restaurants for the waiter to come
before I'm like, "Okay, I'm going to
make a decision then." So.
>> Atomic decision.
>> We love those. We need help, AI.
>> Give me a Give me an assistant now. All
right. Katherine Lim, Vera Blueberg
Intelligence senior analyst. I yeah,
you've been talking to RoboSense too,
talking about maybe any human or robots
to your life.
>> No, this is a This is a great interview
because RoboSense is is a is a major
lidar maker and and it's seen
consecutive quarters of losses since its
founding essentially, but it's just
posted its first quarterly profit and
that's down to the strength of its new
digital lidar technology. So, the
company's looking at more growth and
that's as it ramps up, as you said, that
expansion into the robotics business. I
spoke to its CEO and executive director,
Mark Qiu, about those innovations.
>> This
huge revolution is similar to the film
camera to the digital camera. So, under
this strong architecture, the lidar's
performance can get a great relief. So,
you know, under the traditional
architecture, that the analog
architecture, the resolution of the
lidar basically linear at 64 to 128
channel. And under the digital
architecture, it can be easily uh exceed
2,000 channel. And
simultaneously, the cost have the
uh unparalleled cost advantage.
>> Let's talk about where most lidars are
being used still, and that's for ADAS or
advanced driver assistance systems. Most
of yours as well going into the domestic
market in China. What are the
competitive pressures that you've seen
there?
>> First of all, let's talk about the the
ASP go down, uh this issue. And the
decline in lidar ASP is not a bad thing
actually, and but rather the result of
our efforts. Our goal is to make lidar
more affordable through continuously
innovation, so that it can become as
ubiquitous as camera. So, the reason for
the previous sharp drop in ASP is that
over the past decades also, we have been
fully committed to launching new
architecture to improve performance and
reduce cost. So, we invest heavily in
R&D for new platform architecture almost
every year through continuously uh
driving down cost through technological
improvement. So, the result is lidar has
been successful mass produced for
automotive application. The penetration
is continuously raising.
But, as the architecture has now
converged, and
no major transformation will occur. In
addition, almost all the subsystem has
been chips integrate. Therefore, for
mature application, I do not expect a
sharp drop in prices.
>> What is the size of the discount that
you're prepared to offer, do you think,
for your ADAS products?
>> I can tell you is that
is not a sub job
and maybe like 10% or 20%
and is not like a magnitude job.
>> RoboSense is working on a on a range of
different robotic solutions. Some of
this includes with with hands. Some of
this includes with cameras, the sort of
eyes of the robots as well, but which
products are you most excited about?
>> I think
we're looking for our next version of
our active camera that will be launched
at the end of this year. And I think in
the next three to five years, it will
become a large category that can compare
or more than the lidar category.
>> And what's so important about active
cameras?
>> With the active camera, you can easily
to have a very high resolution and
accuracy uh detection capability. Also,
it can work the whole day, no matter
it's the night and day.
>> So, you are planning to go into mass
production for the active camera toward
the end of this year. What's What's the
sort of the production target that you
have?
>> Um so, for this year, I don't put a lot
of anticipated
for revenue, but I think next year uh it
will be surged.
>> And that was the CEO and executive
director of RoboSense, Mark Qiu,
speaking exclusively, of course, with
Bell. Uh coming up in just a few moments
are exclusive in a conversations with
the heads of Pony.ai, WeRide, and
Innovusion that they reported earnings.
Those interviews happening at the times
on your screen. This is Bloomberg.
Some stocks to watch at the open. We
teased it just a bit, but look at
Pony.ai. We are tumbling some 11% in the
premarket here right now on the back of
of course those earnings. Uh They did
break even for the fourth quarter, but
it was mostly due to some of these
investment gains rather than its main
robo-taxi business. So, we are seeing
the stock take a massive hit here this
morning. We're also watching the likes
of Innovent, Jiangxi Copper, Ping An
Insurance, which all did report as well.
But, we all are still seeing a down
drift here when it comes to that. It
could be just overall just a down day
given what we've been seeing overall
with the Iran situation. But, take a
look at what it comes to Meituan. That
certainly was one.
You know, it was less than you know,
less bad, you could say. They do expect
losses to narrow of course as this food
fight continues and and we're starting
to at least see more signs of regulators
are getting a little bit more anxious
about it. But, we're still seeing the
shares down about 6/10 of 1%. City did
raise the stock to a buy, but yes, right
now we're continuing to see downside
there. And we're going to talk about
PopMart, right? So, it was a pretty, you
know, bad week this week when it came to
the earnings side of things. They did
announce a buyback. So, they're buying
back shares worth close to 600 million
Hong Kong dollars there. It seems to be
offsetting a little bit of the slide
this morning that we saw this week.
We're up about 1.5%.
The open is next. This is Bloomberg.
>> In the US,
the increase in energy prices today
should have a relatively modest effect
on inflation,
though consumers are seeing higher
prices, higher gas prices at the pump
now. An extended bout of elevated energy
prices could put upward pressure,
upward price pressure on a variety of
other products.
>> I see the balance of risk as being
largely
on net
uh in balance, but I would argue that
the inflation risk is greater right now
as a as a result of the Iran war. The
balance of risk has shifted more to
inflation. With respect to the labor
market, um I see it as being in balance,
but precariously so.
>> Yeah, Federal Reserve officials there
from Philip Jefferson all the way to
Lisa Cook speaking separately about the
impact of the Iran war on inflation. The
balance of risk, they say, have have
certainly shifted more in favor of
inflation and trying to tame it given
the energy shocks we've seen. We're
We're getting closer to the end of the
month here and 50% gains already when it
comes to Brent. Um so, what does the Fed
do, right? I think StanChart had a
really good sort of report here saying
that FOMC Powell, they're likely going
to aggressively do nothing.
Uh because the strong case for them to
remain flat until it knows whether stag
or flation dominates. This is we kind of
look at what the Iran situation is
heading into the weekend uh where we
have extended that deadline, President
Trump, I say, should I say to 10 days.
So, you know, does that mean that
there's more time here to to get it to a
deal or are we just prolonging the
uncertainty? Seems like it's more of the
latter here this morning. You take a
look at how risk are doing and risk
assets are doing. Stocks are lower by
about 8/10 of 1% in the CSI 300. Uh it's
interesting, too, with Mizuho's John
Darby coming out and saying, "Look, he's
still modestly bullish when it comes to
stocks uh in China as well just given
the fact that uh you know, that safe
haven sort of status has has remained
when it comes to China." And likely,
they say, the CSI 300 did hit a bottom
in 2024. But then again, uh it is a down
arrow story across the board here today
in Asia. And we're watching some of the
chip space as well just given some of
the Google breakthroughs that we saw
that did roil a lot of the memory chip
makers there in South Korea this
morning. We're seeing SK Hynix tech
following suit here and down some 1%.
You know, Shanghai crude continues to be
elevated. We're up about another 1% here
as well as we hover around that 100.
We're getting closer to 110 than 100
just a few hours ago when it comes to
oil prices. And we're watching very
closely. Ping An Insurance also came up
with some earnings as well. Let's hit
the boards and take a look at how Hong
Kong is doing. Plenty of earnings to
digest whether you whether you talk
about Pony AI, Meituan as well. Seems a
bit of more of the standout here. They
expected losses to narrow as China does
work to end this food price war, food
delivery price war. And you are seeing
Meituan actually seeing a rise of shares
6/10 of 1%. Citi also just raised that
stock to a buy. Alibaba is also doing
well. Maybe this is a sign that the
worst is behind us when it comes to the
food delivery competition. We'll watch
JD JD shares, of course, but you're
still seeing Tencent lower by about 3/4
of 1%. But relatively speaking, HS Tech
is actually catching a bid here this
morning.
And we're watching the property space.
Henderson Land also did report some
earnings there as well. One of the first
Hong Kong developers to really talk
about the Iran situation as to why they
cut the dividend by 30%. The stock is
down some 1% here. We'll talk a little
bit more with the CFO Andrew Fung in the
next hour as well. Take a look at other
sectors here. Oil stocks certainly in
focus here today. It is a daily
reoccurrence when you take a look at
this given the volatility that we've
seen in prices. Mostly to the downside
here today. We're seeing
Ali in charge. We're down about 1% given
the fact that, you know, maybe there is
some relief in energy markets if we have
another 10 days before that deadline
from President Trump. But then again,
there's We're still digesting whether,
you know, the situation is easing or
actually escalating when the journal was
reporting about how President Trump is
readying 10,000 airborne troops as well.
Take a look at what it comes to Sino.
Profit also drops as well. So that might
be a contributor to the moves that we're
seeing right now as well. The chip stock
story is interesting given with this
this paper that Google sent out that
talking about, you know, they're using
less memory for their AI algorithms and
certainly that did royal what we're
seeing in the memory chip space across
the region here and we're seeing pretty
substantial moves here to the downside
of some of these memory names in China.
And let's take a look at when it comes
to earnings. So, Pony.ai, we did see
those ADRs tumble overnight. So, they
did break even for the fourth quarter,
uh but did still fall short of estimates
here. Uh a lot of it was due to the
investment gains, more so than what
they're seeing in the main robotic uh
robotaxis business. So, there you go.
We're seeing the shares down 12% right
now. Innovent came through here with
some pretty good earnings. We've been
talking about weight loss drugs and
certainly the generic sort of side of
things is really going to help in terms
of the profitability
issues there and or whatever the
situation. Uh Jiangxi Copper is also
slightly lower here today. We're flat
when it comes to Ping An Insurance.
>> Yeah, lots and lots of earnings on tap,
but let's get into Pony.ai because it is
the one that's really standing out there
to the downside. Uh joining us
exclusively from Shenzhen is James Pang.
He's the CEO of that business. So,
James,
we saw that reaction already in ADRs,
but it's translating across to Hong Kong
this morning.
Does it surprise you at all the the
investor response to your results?
>> Well, stock always does what it does,
right? Um for for us actually I consider
our Q4 and the 2024 to be a actually the
results to be amazing, especially our
robotaxis business actually grows
uh almost like fivefold.
So,
I I I'll I think stock will uh
performance will be transit and uh what
we should do is to focus really on our
business.
Especially uh
when when when it comes to our
generation seven robotaxis, it's
actually a lot of our partners uh tried
it and they really enjoyed it. So, they
are actually wanted to be into uh many
more cities and uh many markets
globally.
In terms of our performance in China
itself, uh actually especially in the
Shenzhen and the Guangzhou, where we hit
the UE break even and our service is
actually uh running 24/7 on the road and
enjoyed very much by the local
residents. So, well in short, I I think
we'll just focus on our business and uh
I think the uh stock will will and the
investors will reward us by our
performance.
>> Yeah, let's talk about that unit
economic break even that you had in in
both those cities,
Guangzhou and Shenzhen.
Where else do you expect that to happen
this year? What's your target?
>> Uh
well, I I think the we're we're getting
into other markets. Uh traditionally, we
were focusing on the tier one cities.
The reason is really we want
uh really make a good blueprint for us
to move into uh to replicate the results
into other cities.
Uh we're now
already
uh signed the deal with uh uh Hangzhou
and uh Changsha, where we will go in
very soon and we're talking to other
cities as well. I think once those
cities uh have the uh fully driverless
fleet on the road and expanding into say
say the the the size of hundreds, we'll
we'll see probably uh UE break even in
those markets as well.
>> So, to to be clear, the the the cities
that you're expanding into this year in
mainland China, you think you can reach
unit economic break even in those ones
as well.
>> Uh even if not this year, it it should
be very soon or earlier next year.
>> Mhm. So, does that mean you're getting
more clarity on just the path of
profitability overall, James Powell?
What sort of clarity are you getting now
for for 2026
in terms of the the momentum that you're
building in from the last quarter?
>> Yeah, I I think certainly we have much
better clarity than last year. On the
production side,
we work continue working with Beijing
Auto and GAC Group Auto to produce more
vehicles. And on top of that, we worked
with Toyota the bZ4X based Gen 7
robotaxis. It actually SOP'd in
February. So, that means on the
production side, now we have the
capacity to produce more vehicles. And
on the deployment side, as I already
mentioned, we besides the four tier one
cities, we're launching in Hangzhou, in
Changsha, in other cities in the greater
Bay Area. Besides this, of course, we're
also expanding quite aggressively
globally. Mainly actually driven by the
demand and the enthusiastic as in from
our partners. So, definitely we'll we'll
see both from the supply and the demand
side, we see the surge uh
demand. So, so I think this year's
growth will will be accelerated.
>> How are you are you characterizing the
the the competitive landscape here right
now, James? Not just among some of the
Chinese rivals that you have, uh but
also when it comes to US players like
Waymo who just announced that they're
going to be launching in in cities like
London, for example, as well.
>> No, I think in general there's more
players coming with with the existing
uh giants like Waymo. It It shows that
there's more players actually value the
potential for robotaxi services. So, in
general, I think uh the more players,
the more resource and capital poured
into the industry will actually own
uh
essentially generate the the demand from
the user side.
Uh this is such a nascent industry. I
think it's uh
brand awareness, the industry awareness
is important. Uh so so I I think it's
such a huge market that for us, we're
not really focusing on the competition.
We're really focused on pushing the uh
the boundaries and uh really accelerate
because the there's
hundreds of thousands hundreds of
millions of vehicles on the road and we
are we're still in the thousands. So so
we're we're still really dropping the
bucket.
>> I'm I'm I'm curious about your plans
around the Middle East in particular
because
yeah, our Bloomberg Intelligence team,
for instance, would would look at at
you know, your peers in that market. For
instance, we write that's been a bit
more aggressive on that front. Do you
think that in terms of that path to
profitability, whether you've had enough
focus on overseas markets as as ones
that are actually better generated
better revenue generators, rather, for
you?
>> No, we actually have a healthy portion
of our revenue coming from overseas
market.
Uh in terms of Middle East, it remains
to be one of our high prior priority
focus.
Uh for example, in Dubai, uh we actually
uh from the team from our team, I I I
heard that we will very soon in in a
matter of days will be able to
uh get the approval to have the fully
driverless commercial application uh
uh deployment. And in the uh Doha, we
actually worked with some of us all day
to launch the commercial
driverless uh
applications. So so although there's uh,
uh uh uh, a little pause due to the
regional conflict, but uh,
we actually resumed and I think the uh,
prospect uh, uh, uh, our prospect is
pro- uh, in in
in the Middle East remains to be strong.
>> Yeah, and for your your expansion plans
in 2026, you're still expecting, you
know, you're to expand in 20 more 20
cities worldwide this year your global
fleet. Uh, you want to expand it to to
3,000.
Um, in terms of your, you know, outlook
for when it comes to overseas revenue,
do you when do you expect that to
actually surpass
your revenue from domestic markets?
>> Mm.
Well, domestic is still still
uh,
our focus. I think the uh,
because the market itself is huge, the
demand is strong, the regulatory uh,
framework and the
uh, is is actually relatively
supportive.
Uh, so
we will definitely focus
us uh, focus in the uh,
China market of
re- remain on our tier one cities and
getting into more and more tier two
cities. But at the same time as as you
mentioned as I already mentioned, we're
definitely eyeing on the global markets
and it will be a healthy portion of our
total revenue although the uh, exact
percentage is hard to predict and now
right now, but we'll have more numbers
probably uh, in a few quarters.
>> James, thanks for the time there. James
Peng, CEO of Pony.ai. And coming up,
we'll be digging into, of course, the
outlook and earnings of of others in the
industry as well. WeRide, its founder
and CEO joins us exclusively next. This
is Bloomberg.
>> Well, WeRide is planning to buy back
$100 million worth of shares over the
next 12 months after reporting a
narrowing of fourth-quarter losses.
We're seeing the stock up this morning
some 3%.
>> Yeah, let's get more on the outlook now.
Joining us exclusively from San Jose,
California is Tony Han, its founder and
CEO. So, Tony, yeah, that was sort of
one of the key takeaways this share
buyback from the results. What's what
was the most important takeaway or or or
thesis that you wanted to communicate to
investors out of the numbers?
>> Well, we just have our annual report and
we have our total revenue $97.9 million
and
it is up by 90% year-over-year. Our
fourth quarter, last quarter, we saw
revenue $44.9 million
up 123%
and our full-year gross profit was $29.1
million. With all these numbers and I
think we are very optimistic with the
future and therefore I think our stock
price is kind of heavily undervalued to
send a strong signal to the capital
market. We just announced and
$100 million
purchase share purchase back plan and we
have already executed and I think the
market responded very positively and we
are very confident with our current
expansion plan and with our current
technology progress and our cost cost.
So, our path to profit profitability is
very clear. So, we announced that.
>> So, so Tony, let's just talk about then
the share price because you're saying
that it's heavily undervalued right now.
So, the US listing trading around $7.60,
the Hong Kong one around 20 Hong Kong
dollars a share. What do you actually
think is the fair value and what should
your stock be trading at, do you think?
>> You know, I I you know, I think it's up
to the market. I love I love the beauty
of the market and the things I just want
to let the market to decide what price
should is a fair price, but I want to
share some numbers with you guys. So far
WeRide has been doing operation and
in in 40
40 cities across 12 countries. Recently,
we just expand to Slovakia and you know,
our
we actually won three times in a row for
the urban intelligent driving challenge
in China. That is historical, never
happened before.
The last last best score was actually by
Huawei. They won two times. WeRide won
three times just like three days ago.
And with all these numbers, compared to
you know, there's a ballpark number we
always want to mention Waymo. Waymo is
doing great job and it's a leading
company in autonomous driving industry.
And look at their valuation and WeRide
is probably 1/30 some 1/40 of their
valuation. I think that's not a fair
valuation and with our current operation
in Dubai, Abu Dhabi and we are going to
and we are and we will soon have a lot
of very exciting news to announce and I
think we are heavily undervalued.
>> I'm just reading this note from BNP
Paribas that just rated your ADRs to a
buy and they mentioned the fact that you
have these strategic permits. You have a
very asset-light
sort of partnerships here. Gives you a
better advantage in terms of achieving
that per vehicle profitability. Can you
tell us a bit more of what the path of
probability looks like to you now? Is it
more clear
to you than it maybe was last year?
>> Yeah, it's more clear clear to next year
because this year we have ballpark
numbers like through some internal
statistics with Uber, you know, we have
every rights. What's the relative uh,
relative the,
uh, the average lens and how much we can
earn and I think it's very clear and the
thing is, you know, currently I don't
want to reveal the details because it's
still under internal, uh, discussion.
There's statistics, there's some errors,
there's some, uh, some, uh, some
mistakes in in some small uh, small
numbers, but I want a very complete uh,
statistics. But still, you know, if you
look at the unit in economy economics
and I think the unit economics in in UAE
in in in in in in in in in Saudi is
really good and although the the
regulatory hurdles are kind of removed,
we have already got the driver's permits
in uh, in UAE and we are going to get
driver's permits in Saudi. And so, all
of this are ready and what we need to do
is
uh, gradually increase our driverless
robot taxi. Today, I want to emphasize,
you want if you want to hire hail a real
driverless robot taxi, no matter how
many people saying we are doing
demonstrate, we will do this do that.
But today, if you just want to hail a
driverless robot taxi outside of US,
China, the only available place is in
Abu Dhabi through Uber and hailing real
rides of robot taxi.
>> For for this coming year, what what is
the most important market that you're
going to be prioritizing then
internationally? Is it is it Europe or
is it the Middle East?
>> I think uh, it's uh, it's it's dynamic,
you know. We all hope this uh, regional
conflict will will end soon and we are
exciting to hear in news like President
Trump will visit China uh, like uh,
you know, the exact date is still to be
decided although you know, the central
you China central government haven't
announced yet, but we look forward to
this visit and I think the regional
conflict will end soon, we hope. And but
this are all dynamic. If uh, the the the
regional conflict keep on going, we
probably shift our emphasis on Europe a
little bit more.
If not, we will still keep our current
leading position in UAE and
and the Saudi. And again, you know, I
want to emphasize we put lots of efforts
even this very in this very difficult
time. We still keep part of operation
ongoing and we still have revenue and
build up the strong relationship with
the local government.
>> Tony, great to have you with us this
morning. That was Tony Han there,
founder and CEO of WeRide. And yeah, a
really big earning focus in the show
today because we're going to continue
the the the the the emphasis on results.
In the next hour we're going to be
joined by the CFO of Henderson Land.
That's with a recovery in the Hong Kong
property sector assuming the underway
this year. But also coming up our
exclusive interview with the Christie
CEO. Plus, Hedgeye will be with us to
talk ETFs and the outlook as well. So
lots more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back. Some top stories are
following for you today. Cathay Pacific
has increased its fuel surcharges for
the second time in many weeks, raising
them by 34% across all types of tickets.
The company also ramped up its fuel levy
reviews to bi-weekly. This means air
fares could go even higher as oil prices
continue to remain volatile. Cathay has
warned it would not be able to sustain
its scale of flight operations without
adjustments.
>> Three Australian plants that provide
about 8% of the world's liquefied
natural gas are set to have their output
curbed. That's after a cyclone churned
through Western Australia earlier this
week. Companies impacted are said to
include Woodside and Chevron. The
disruption is a blow to buyers reeling
already from the halt of shipments from
Qatar.
>> Taking a look at how markets are faring
because we are
heading through the morning session
today in Korea. But just taking a look
at some of these players because the
story is very much around to space.
It has been this development we've had
this week. It was actually released last
year, but has just been publicized by
Google. It relates to their turbo quad
algorithm. There's quite a lot of
details in that, but the big question
that comes out of it is how much memory
is actually needed to run large language
models. They're saying with their
technology they can cut it by a factor
of six. Does that mean less demand for
the likes of HBM from names like
Samsung, SK Hynix.
Investors are really responding to that
today. It's interesting as well how it's
translating into the Chinese semi space
this morning because again you're seeing
some of these related names that are
mostly under pressure here. You can see
SMIC though the sort of standout just
trading flat, but uh we'll have lots
more on the market moves today and how
investors are also thinking about the
developments in Iran. More ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at HSI half hour into the session
and you know we are continuing a second
day of losses here when it comes to
global equities and as we start to see
this energy, you know, sort of story
continue to royal here. Of course there
is extension that President Trump uh did
announce there to another 10 days, but
you know it seems like this conflict is
just dragging on and so that's why you
are seeing stocks uh heading lower here
this morning. You are seeing some
pronounced moves in Hong Kong when it
came to some of these earnings
particularly when it comes to Pony AI.
Uh certainly that's going to be one
thing to watch here in the tech space
and the memory side of things is kind of
where the pain is really being felt
today, Belle.
>> Yeah, absolutely. It's it's really sort
of I would say the top theme for
investors in in at least North Asia to
be tracking today. I do think what else
is really telling is just the trading
volumes that we've got because I'm just
checking those and we're really well off
the 20-day moving averages for every
single market essentially. Uh and and
that kind of tells you that investors
are just unsure where the conflict in
Iran proceeds from here given you've got
President Trump who's sort of kicking
these negotiations down the road for
another 10 days. And and where does that
leave traders in the meantime? As you
said, that that big pain is being felt
in the memory chip story in particular.
You can see the cost base standing out
to the downside for a second straight
session. And that is after we had this
release of Google of some new technology
that can possibly cut the amount of
memory space or memory that's needed to
to train large language models. And so
that has a bearing on on names like SK
Hynix and Samsung.
Let's take a look at what's happening in
the oil space as well because we have
actually seen oil retreating as we had
Trump pushing back that timeline for
these Iran energy strikes. So more time
for talks and then off the back of that
we had Brent crude dropping there. You
can see around that $105 barrel mark.
We're seeing metals again fluctuating.
But the story is well what's happening
in the FX space. So we have seen moves
of course in the dollar. We're looking
at really
the best month for the dollar since
July. So it's it's been that big play
back into the dollar as the ultimate
safe haven we've seen throughout this
conflict so far. Fairly steady against
some of its major peers in the region
today. And bonds because we've had a lot
of Fed commentary and this has been
really interesting just how Fed
officials are really thinking about all
of this action in the Middle East. And
it seems like their their concern has
certainly shifted again over the fallout
from this. Lots of concern around the
inflation outlook versus the employment
market. So you are just seeing lots of
moves more notable really we've seen in
the short end of the curve.
>> think at least three Fed officials have
spoken overnight about how the balance
of risk has certainly changed now. I
think now even the likes of Lisa Cook
says I'm more worried about inflation
than I am of of the labor market. So
does that mean the Fed really has to
stay put uh for the rest of this year?
You know, certainly that discussion
comes back here. StanChart just come up
with a report saying, "Look, the Fed has
to aggressively do nothing because they
have to deal with these stagflation
concerns." Now, uh let's bring in
Lanting too again, our managing editor
for Asia equities. She joins us from
Singapore. Yeah, as we look into the
weekend, obviously, you know, we we're
still trying to decipher whether this
Iran situation is escalating or
de-escalating. Right now, Lanting, uh
it's it's interesting that energy
markets have calmed down, but equity
markets still continue to be taking a
big hit.
>> Yeah, exactly. One thing we're seeing
playing out today and yesterday was this
really the memory chip crisis you guys
mentioned, you know, about the Google uh
news. Um so, Asia as a whole has already
uh been sold off a lot more uh this
month relative to the US and Europe just
because of its heavy reliance uh to
Middle Eastern energy. And now, people
have one more thing to grapple with,
which is this negative news on memory
chips. And uh Asia overall, I think the
outflow uh month-to-date has already hit
$52 billion out of Asia equities, and
that's a record and surpassed already
the um uh the the previous record which
was seen in uh March 2020 during COVID.
So, with this memory chip sort of, you
know, issue that people have to grapple
with right now, it means that Asia's
underperformance is likely to continue.
And today, we see some analysts talking
about how they're seeing some
indiscriminate selling going on around
that space. And remember, that was the
bright space for Asia, right? That
underpinned Asia's outperformance in the
past year or so over US. And Asia,
that's why Asia was positioned very
favorably in this AI trade. So, if that
edge goes away, the Asia story would
really turn sour.
>> How do we also need to think about the
the economic fallout from the energy
shock here as well? Uh we've still got
oil that's elevated and I was almost
making the point in last hour that $100
oil around that point could be sustained
for quite a long time.
>> Yeah, I think one thing that is getting
a bit interesting is the impact on China
cuz you know, everywhere else people are
talking about a negative picture
economic shock. But in China, the kind
of positive energy price shock is
considered a good thing. More and more
people including market watchers and
economists are talking about a potential
reflationary environment for China and
you know, we're talking about in China
being stuck in this disinflationary
environment since 2022. So any kind of a
shock to the price increase would be a
good would be good news for corporate
profit, for company outlook and we're
already seeing some chemical producers
in China raising prices because of
rising raw material costs. One caveat
though is that this is going to be more
cost driven inflation. That's probably
not the best kind of inflation that
China would want to see. That could also
mean consumers feeling the pain of the
energy costs and they may have to spend
less on other
products. That would mean that companies
actually may face a hard time raising
prices. But net net so far I think our
hopes are high that China may actually
benefit from this higher oil prices.
>> Yeah, that that sort of reflation trade,
right? After so many years of
disappointment, we might actually get it
because of this energy shock.
The other thing that's certainly very
interesting. In terms of the earning
side of things in China, I think the
tech space overall has been
slightly disappointing.
You know, what's your take over all the
earnings picture in China?
>> Yeah, I would say for those that are
listed in Hong Kong so far we are seeing
a very very weak earnings results just
because you know a lot of focus is
around AI around the kind of spending
around anti-involution
impact. So we saw Tencent and Alibaba
last week both got punished by investors
for various reasons because they haven't
really
provided their vision for how to use and
monetize open cloud related technology
and we saw yesterday Kuaishou again
getting punished because their revenue
growth was not good and AI spending was
considered high and I think Meituan last
night was considered sort of not as bad
as feared. So just a slew of sort of
negative news or at least negative
investor reactions to what we saw and
today of course we'll see BYD we'll see
how that goes that seems to be more
favorably positioned so far.
>> Okay Lantian thank you Lantian too there
a Bloomberg managing editor for Asia
equities. I think BYD's one of the
standouts here the only stock really
that's doing quite well here in the face
of all this bad news. Lantian too
joining us from Singapore. Let's get to
the latest when it comes to Iran
President Trump is extending his
deadline for Iran to strike a deal with
the US or face more attacks. Now he's
given Tehran 10 more days offering a
brief calm to global energy markets.
>> I gave them uh
a 10-day
period. They asked for seven.
You're going to say oh Trump's a
terrible negotiator. They asked for
seven and I said I'm going to give you
10 because they gave me ships. You know
we talked about the eight ships you know
the president that I talked about the
other day.
But they asked for seven and I gave them
10. You got 10 days
and they were very thankful about that.
>> Meanwhile the Wall Street Journal is
reporting that the US is weighing
sending another 10,000 ground troops to
the Middle East. Let's bring in Horizons
Middle East and Africa anchor Joumana
Bercetche in in Dubai. So, Joumana, talk
to us about the significance of this
deadline being extended. And and is this
a chance, do you think, for for the for
the US and and Iran to to come any
closer in terms of negotiations because
we've really seen very conflicting views
and and readouts being shared so far?
>> And headlines as well. There's just been
a flurry of headlines over the last 24
hours. And I will just say before
President Trump put out that Truth
Social post,
he was in a cabinet meeting a few hours
before and he was asked about that
five-day deadline, which was due to
expire today. And he said, "Who knows?
One day in Trump land is is is forever."
So, a few hours before he hadn't
indicated that there was any notion of
extending this deadline by 10 days. And
market observers observed that it did
come after Wall Street had its worst
close in over a month. Anyway, but where
we are today now is that deadline for
the Department of Defense to potentially
attack Iranian infrastructure and power
plants has been pushed back until
Monday, April the 6th.
And that essentially buys time on both
sides. Now, he says that it came at
Iran's request. And from what we
understand and from Wall Street Journal
reporting that emerged a few hours
later, Iran never made such a request.
At least, that's what they are claiming.
So, once again, we are in an environment
of competing narratives here. But, I
will say in terms of imminent
escalation, once again, the risk has
been pushed out. But, does it actually
mean that these diplomatic discussions
are going to yield anything? Unlikely at
this point because the two sides are
still very far apart in their starting
positions.
>> And Joumana, what what should we look at
as we head into the weekend now?
>> So, there are two things happening here.
There's one, the push on the diplomatic
side of things, which as we know, we're
hearing competing narratives, as I just
said, different starting points in terms
of the discussions.
Iran are still trying to maintain
sovereignty and control over the Strait
of Hormuz and don't seem to be willing
to want to let that up. And so, the
other angle you need to look at is what
is happening on the ground. And you
referenced earlier another Wall Street
Journal report that cites that another
10,000 troops are being deployed to the
region. We know that one of the Marine
Expeditionary Units should be arriving
in the next couple of days. That's a
couple of thousand of troops alongside
some more aircraft carriers, some
amphibious vessels, too. So, we'll see
where exactly they do get deployed, what
the strategy is there. Iran have warned
that if the US try to take over any cold
unquote Iranian-controlled islands with
the assistance of Gulf states, then they
would not hold back at retaliating
against said Gulf states. So, we are
once again heading into a crucial
weekend. And there's a lot of scrutiny
over where exactly these ground troops
are going to be deployed.
>> All right, Jumana. Thank you, Jumana
Bersechi there, our Horizons Middle East
and Africa anchor joining us out of
Dubai. Coming up, our exclusive
interview with Henderson Land CFO after
they reported earnings earlier this
week. And yeah, maybe tell us why they
they mentioned about the geopolitical
uncertainties when it comes to Iran as
to the reasoning of why they trimmed
that dividend.
Andrew Fung from Henderson Land joins us
next. This is Bloomberg.
>> Well, it's been a very big, busy week
for for China earnings this over the
past few sessions. And one of those
names, of course, has been Henderson
Land. And we're watching these shares
this morning because they're a little
bit off. But but the main takeaway
really was that they reported underlying
profit for the full year that missed the
average analyst estimate and a lot of
focus is well coming down to the
dividend because they actually cut that
and
citing new or the macro uncertainties
essentially.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in the CFO Andrew
Foong joining us exclusively now. I'm
sure he was the man that made that
decision.
Um I think you were
I think you were one of the among one of
the first Hong Kong developers out there
that that explicitly said that you were
cutting this dividend because of the
situation in Iran. Tell us the rationale
behind it.
>> Well, uh first uh
I must say that uh
the dividend policy was uh
anticipated uh by some analysts before
we announced the results already.
Uh so our movement uh share amount
movement is more or less in line with
our peers.
Actually, first we have not cut uh
dividend uh when uh our peers cut
dividend in 20 23 and 24. So actually,
we hold on for for the longest time
compared to our peers. And also last
year, because there's two uh less two
one-off gain less, so people is aware
that there's no land resumption in 24
against uh we have land resumption in 24
and but 25, there's no land resumption
from the government. So uh there's no
extra item. First, the land resumption
and the second, we we sold our
investment property in 24, which we have
not done that in 25. So actually, some
analysts anticipate. And also as you
mentioned, uh
the the decision is made in the board,
not myself. Uh but actually, it's just
ahead of the very uh very turmoil Middle
East crisis.
>> are you foreseeing? I mean, we're we're
3 4 weeks into this conflict now. What
what sort of impact could this have on
not just your sector, but for Henderson
Land?
>> We have the the problem. We have not
seen the impact. So we do not know what
is going to happen.
If we know what is going on, it's easier
to say hedging or to hedge or not to
hedge or to to to make some major
decisions. At the moment, basically, is
no response is the best response. So,
probably we we take the
more
more careful step. We we we stay with
liquidity for ourselves for the time
being. And actually, the the markets are
better. That's very resilient in the
fourth quarter and and selling well into
the first quarter. So, given that
without
the uncertainty in in in the Middle
East, we are quite confident in 2016 for
our our sales and our recurring income
like
you just interview Mr. Peter Wong of the
town guest.
Yeah, so you know that
he he he hinted at what what he's doing.
So, it's part of our considerations. So,
I think it's it's
for us it's we have to take care of
shareholders' interest in terms of
dividend, but also we have to take care
of the liquidity and uncertainty. So, so
that's the decision.
>> What are one of the risks that you see
from the conflict in in the Middle East
in particular? Is it increase in in
energy costs or or building material
costs that that you're actually
factoring in? Or is it demand for
overall? What
Where do you see the actual hit or
impact for for Henderson Land?
>> Well, the the worst case is the law
is prolonged. All right, we do not know
if it ends in 5 weeks, it's okay.
Hong Kong property market is is
is not that responsive to to things not
happening yet. So, at the moment,
interest rate is still low. The 1-month
high ball, which is the base for
mortgage, is still pretty low, 2 and
1/2%. So,
people, I mean, those potential buyers
usually only react to reality, rather
than uh they will not be afraid of a
there's a potential increase of interest
rate, because we don't know. It may
happen or may not happen. So, for us, uh
it's still a
uncertainty. Of course, if the local one
prolong, there's a lot of uh negative
factors, inflation, potential interest
rate increase, but that can happen or
may not happen. So, basically, we the
the best for us is to keep ourselves
liquid, and then look at what happened.
As far as
until yesterday, the sales of uh private
residentials are still quite quite good.
And uh if you look you look back, I do
not do an I do not do a lot of sales
last year. That means we have the
holding power, and we keep uh our land
uh land bank for better price. So,
it may not matter be a bad thing.
>> Yeah, I mean, you're talking about
secondary home prices. We've we've come
up for about 10%
uh already so far. I mean, do you think
that you have any plans to increase your
home prices on some of your some of your
unsold properties now?
>> Uh we have slightly adjust some uh
essential size, like those in in the
island, because the island there's
limited supply. And we have some modest
adjustment in the old Kowloon uh old
old Kowloon size, which have uh are in
very good schooling zones. Assumes that
you see actually the uh
Hong Kong Island and and the old Kowloon
with in a good schooling zones are the
first to rebound. So, we we have a bit
of
uh supply there. So, but the increase is
very modest.
>> Okay. Modest is what? Single digits or
>> Single digits, yeah.
>> Um let's talk about the the exciting new
project that you have on on on the
Central Harbor Front. I see it every
day. But there's so much activity going
on at Central Yards. What's the update
right now in terms of the brands, the
companies that are are being potential
tenants? What's your occupancy rate
currently now?
>> Wow, the shopping arcade is still
we are still trying to get
the best we want to. So there's some
a lot of negotiation going on if I
understand. Hopefully we'll have some
good news soon. Soon, I hope so. But
there's some negotiate people choose us
and we also choose people. So we look at
it and of course the because of the
office side is doing well well already.
Everybody knows that is 70% out. So the
recurring income
in 2017 is there's some guaranteed. And
of course the Henderson is now 95%
leased out. So the recurring income is
quite good and
we have a opera which is quite exciting.
There's a theater in in in in in the in
the Central Yards. So let's see.
>> Mhm. What about what about the the
leasing strategy for commercial
buildings in in mainland China as well?
Because
I do know for instance the occupancy
rate of the World Financial Center in
Beijing has come down. So
>> What does what does it look like there?
>> Well, uh
I
I only look at the numbers. I think it's
not
too promising at the moment.
Like everybody,
that is our benchmark building. The
occupancy is dropping quite
substantially last year. But so far we
try to maintain the existing existing
tenants. China is a very small part of
our total income now. So
they try the best but
is a is a macro phenomenon. Uh, we can
do a little if the market do not revive
itself. So, we we try to keep our
tenants and of course
the team try the leasing team in China
try really hard to
I think the
>> What are they doing to boost your
occupancy rates there? What what what
what sort of strategies do you have now?
>> Uh, well, of course
there's
the the leasing rate has to be very
competitive or I think it's still
you know downward trend.
So,
but
that that the location our Beijing
buildings location is very good.
I think the occupancy rate is some sort
also maybe affected by this some
renovation there. So, hopefully the the
is is a aged building. So, there's some
renovation going on and I see I hope
that after some renovations there the
leasing rate will go up but it's all
it's all it's a macro thing and it do
not affect our overall P&L too much.
>> Yeah, and then I remember it was about
sometime around this this year last year
we were talking about your corporate
bond that you issued.
>> Uh-huh.
>> Uh, there are 8 million 8 billion Hong
Kong dollars a coupon rate of only 0.5%.
>> Yes.
>> Do you have any more plans similar plans
this year?
>> No, I think it's very opportunistic and
and that the timing was very good that
time. So, you see there's no
no other
peers have been
issuing in that market. That means the
opportunity at the moment is not there.
But we will we'll keep an eye open but
actually I'm very liquid unless I see
very attractive terms. Otherwise, I
don't need to because we we start to get
cash in in the leasing side and also the
gearing rate is sub 20 now. So, it's a
very comfortable position and and this
year we'll sell more properties.
>> Henderson Land does have a very sizable
loan though from a from a
fellow subsidiary subsidiary rather
which is the Lee family but
accounting for 81 billion Hong Kong
dollars at the end of 2025.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you see yourself reducing leverage or
reliance on family support in the near
term?
>> Well, it's the the the shareholders
decision to support the Lee family.
So first I cannot I cannot predict if
they want to to to reduce
that loan or to increase that loan.
But actually you look at it's not my
concern because
you see I borrow around
140 billion. Out of that 80 billion is
from the family. So I only borrow 60
billion from the banks. I have around
maybe one 120 to 140 billion bank
facility. So I'm very flexible and and
the gearing rate if if the family decide
to take away if they have other
investment opportunities they take away
10 billion. 10 billion is 3% gearing. So
I'm I'm really good at the moment.
It's balanced.
>> You mentioned about the
recovery we're seeing in in the
residential side.
How are you looking at commercial for
this year
as well as when it comes to the rental
income side of things?
>> CLE I think is still very
is still very challenging. But of course
the central
certain size so some so some resilience.
We managed to to lease out the Henderson
and we have
we have an engagement in in in central
yards already. So I think great A
central is doing
is continuing to improving because
the Hong Kong stock market revive is
it's very volatile. But uh since last
year the the market size is increasing.
Yeah. Liquidity is increasing and for
especially for corn for corn trading or
AI trading hedge funds
Hong Kong is the Asian baby.
So, they have an an essential offer
offer you have to be in the new
buildings to get a high speed photo
fiber and better ceilings for for super
computers so on. So, this
century is okay and also you see some
migration from old commercial buildings
to new commercial buildings say in West
Kowloon or in East Kowloon. So, I think
it's very speedy. The the the old
buildings and and in in in less dominant
areas may may be still challenging.
>> Just very briefly Andrew
the the the final dividend of 76 cents
that does break what has been in a long
standing trend of around a dollar 30. Do
you see yourself shifting back to that
dollar 30 or how long do you think 76
cents or that level will remain at
>> just a one-off. Yeah.
>> I have no crystal ball, but if you
as I mentioned last year we have
we have no
extra items like resumption of land or
from the government or
we we we do not sell any investment
properties. But
this year so far the sales is good
the the the
So, I think it's okay. I have no crystal
ball. I cannot promise anything.
>> Yeah.
Andrew, thank you. We appreciate that.
We all wish we had a crystal ball these
days. Andrew Foong, the CFO at Henderson
Land. This is Bloomberg.
>> Thank you very much.
>> 1:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets are
heading to that lunch break in just a
moment. And yeah, we we've come off some
of the initial lows. Uh we are lower by
8/10 of 1% of the Nikkei 225, but
there's still a lot of uncertainties
around the Iran situation, the memory
chip sort of uh trade really being
derailed here given what we heard from
Google overnight. So certainly uh you
are continuing to see some pressure on
stocks here this morning. The banks
though is doing a little bit better here
today. We're just up it by about 1/10 of
1%. Dollar yen also showing a little bit
of strength, but it's been quite
marginal, too.
>> Yeah, well, I guess it's that that story
you do tend to see banks performing
better when you're in that expectation
of rate rising environment. And that has
certainly been the trend across JGBs
this week because we've seen the 2-year
yield, for instance, uh tracking back to
levels we haven't seen to the '90s. And
it's that big question, of course, Japan
is very sensitive to what's happening in
the Middle East given it's a major
energy importer. And and lots of concern
around supply-side uh inflation, of
course, in the country as well. So that
expectation building for for interest
rate hikes from the BOJ in the near
term.
>> Yep. All right. Let's shift the gears
now. We might need a bit of a
palate cleanser, so to speak. Let's talk
about what's happening here in Hong
Kong. And Art Week is underway. And the
marquee event for the week, Art Basel,
is taking place this weekend. It
features 240 international galleries
this year with the majority of them from
the Asia Pacific.
>> Yeah, we've got actually another event
that's underway in the city. It's it's
Christie's 20th to 21st century spring
auctions. Uh those are actually taking
place right now across actually it's a
little bit inside baseball, but we are
facing essentially the Henderson uh from
where we sit in the studio this morning.
Joining us exclusively is its CEO,
Bonnie Brennan. So Bonnie, great to have
you with us. And we were just chatting
there in the ad break around how the
trips that you're making to Hong Kong
mhm feels a little bit different this
year to last. So So what's changed
exactly, do you think?
>> You know, I think the global market last
year had a really strong finish. Our
second half, as an example, was up 26%
over the year prior. So that gave great
confidence to the global market and
you're seeing that. You we saw it in New
York, we saw it in London, and we're
really feeling that here in Hong Kong
and getting ready for the sales we're
going to have this evening and tomorrow.
>> Yeah, what are your expectations cuz we
haven't seen overall kind of a slowdown
in the Asia market. What are some of the
collecting trends and and and kind of
sort of things that you're seeing in the
region?
>> We love the Hong Kong sales because
there's a real appetite not only for
Asian art, Asian contemporary, but also
Western masters. And tonight we're going
to be able to present great examples. We
we even have an old master painting
tonight, a Dutch master. We have a great
German painter who painted in Bali,
Walter Spies. So, it's a great eclectic
mix and there's real demand. We see our
strongest activity from here in Hong
Kong, but then
across greater China as well. Second
biggest area of bidding for us.
>> Oh, interesting.
What is what are you seeing in terms of
price trends though?
Is there actually appetite to to spend
and and to spend big, do you think?
>> I think at the
what we really see globally and Hong
Kong is no different is a flight to
quality. They really want the best
examples. What we've seen in the last
couple years is a real sensitivity to
pricing. And we're in the auction
business. We want to create that
competition, that energy in the sale
room and that really starts with getting
that pricing right because what we find
really Annabelle Bloom people start
bidding, they don't stop. You know, if
they've invested and they've researched,
they're there, they're raising their
paddle and that's the enthusiasm and
excitement that we love to see.
>> Anything that you're doing to tap new
markets, new clients now?
>> Lots. You know, we have to do we have to
listen to what the younger buyers want.
Asia has been incredibly important to
Christie's in bringing those new and
younger buyers in. We've seen the
gateway really through luxury.
Hong Kong is a huge market for us for
jewelry, watches, wine, handbags.
Getting them in. We just had a sale in
New York where we presented pop culture
guitars. We sold a guitar for 15 million
US dollars. 20-minute bidding war. 94
million dollars sale. So, those are the
types of new sales we want to bring to
the younger audience as well.
>> What about the the art lending business?
What does that look like in Asia to you?
>> We just moved it's a global business for
us. We've our loan book is about a
billion dollars.
But we really excited to do that here in
Hong Kong. It's yet another service
offering to our clients. We offer sales
both auction and private sales. But now
we can also help clients who want to
unlock some liquidity from these
collections that they built. Um they can
then use those funds to either
diversify, make other investments.
And it's really a very discreet
immediate process with Christie's
because we have a a means to sell the
collateral.
>> Yeah, it's a very interesting sort of
new
kind of I guess you could say channel
for you guys. But I I I'm wondering what
you're seeing across the US and Europe
with these wobbles that you're seeing in
private credit for example. Or maybe
potential cracks that are forming there.
Is that going to be concerning to you or
is that you know, is it good news or bad
news for Christie's?
>> I think we're we have cautious optimism.
I think when we see volatility or
changes in other markets, we often see a
flight to durable or to tangibles.
Art is a great is often seen by
investors as a great place to store that
wealth. Our client base is also largely
protected from some of the ups and
downs. But we
we saw during COVID for example in the
very beginning a real interest and
growth in our market.
>> What about the Middle East though? What
are you seeing in that market and how
are the disruptions of of the Iran war
essentially affecting your basis well,
your client base?
>> Yeah, we are we have a number of
colleagues in the region. Our thoughts
go out to everybody who's impacted. We
are not immune to the geopolitical
situations. What we've seen though is a
great continued sort of engagement from
people in the region, from our clients.
Just this week in New York, we have our
Asia Week sales. We had an Indian and
Southeast Asian sale, incredible
results. So, we're still seeing
consistent activity from the region.
>> Okay. So, you mentioned China's the
number two market for you guys in terms
of just the amount of collectors and and
the like. Have you seen anything
different about the Chinese consumer
when they or the you know, the art
collector in China just given all these
kind of trends that we're seeing in
consumption that's really ever changing,
whether it's Labubu's or
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
>> Soon we're going to be having a Labubu's
sale, I'm sure.
>> Ah, yeah.
>> We have a Japanese anime sale this week
in New York. So, uh look, the Chinese
have been and continue to be very
aggressive purchases at the masterpiece
level. Mhm. Uh when we have a terrific
work by a modern 20th century master,
they are there. They were there in our
biggest sale room in November. Uh we
anticipate them being there tonight as
well as New York which in May, which
will be our next big test of the market.
>> All right, Bonnie. Thanks so much for
joining us this morning. That was Bonnie
Brennan there, the CEO of Christie's.
And coming up,
lots more as we've been saying, there's
just so many different parts of the show
today, but we've got the HKX or Hong
Kong Stock Exchange joining us with
their insights on the ETF pipeline, the
outlook for the sector as well. We've
got our special segment ETF IQ Asia
coming up. This is Bloomberg.
And welcome to another edition of ETF IQ
Asia. It's our weekly segment that
brings you more analysis and in-depth
conversations on the growing sector.
Now, the Iran war has been a driving
force in ETF flows since the start of
the month.
>> Yeah, for more of what we're seeing,
let's bring in our Bloomberg
Intelligence analyst for ETFs, Rebecca
Sin joining us. Yeah, tell us some more.
What's the latest when it comes to ETF
flows now?
>> We're having a record month. For Hong
Kong, ETF flows have surpassed 4
billion. This is the highest it's ever
been. If we look at the top flows for
the past week, Uh, the theme of chips
and dips have continued. Investors are
buying the dips and specifically into
the chip names. Um, the first one is of
course uh, Hang Seng Tech. No surprise
there. Hang Seng Tech makes the top of
the list every single week. But the
second one is a little bit interesting.
It shows that investors are really
investing back into China. From a
valuation perspective, they're a little
bit cheaper now. Um, the third one is a
tracker fund. Most people that trade
this ETF don't even realize that it's an
ETF. They just know it as a stock 2800.
This is the first ETF that was listed in
Hong Kong in 1999. The next two are
interesting because it shows that people
are really searching for income.
Specifically yielding uh, yield
products. And so Global X, this ETF has
amassed close to 3 billion in assets and
accounts for close to 50% of Global X's
ETF AUM. The reason why is this ETF pays
a monthly income of a of 18%. It's
yielding uh, one of the highest yielding
products across Hong Kong at 18%. And
the last one is Hang Seng High Dividend
ETF. This ETF holds the record on Hong
Kong exchange of having the most daily
consecutive inflows at 83 days. So
overall we're seeing tremendous growth
in Hong Kong. And if we look at where
the ETF AUM is across the board, we're
at close to 90 billion now. Just 5 years
ago, it was at 40 billion. So it's just
showing you the tremendous growth that
we're seeing in Hong Kong. And one of
the main reason why is we're seeing a
lot of new ETF issuers coming. E Fund
this week week launched two new ETF. We
have Full Gold launching their first ETF
next week. And what we did mention is
that uh, we're seeing new products now.
So likes of CSOs two times leverage SK
Hynix. That's now making the top of the
list. And I'm sure after today we're
going to see that as part of the flows
going in. And so from a product
perspective, we're seeing a lot of
growth and a lot of innovation. And
that's why by the end of the year we
expect the Hong Kong market to surpass
100 billion and our expectation is that
within 5 years it could surpass 150
billion in ETF AUM.
>> Wow. Okay, Rebecca. Thank you, Rebecca.
Sitting there with Bloomberg
Intelligence ETF Analyst. Let's bring in
the man that's probably been dealing
with all that, right? Brian Roberts is
managing director and head of equities
product development at Hong Kong
Exchange. Brian, it's great to have you
back on the program. I'm sure you've
been busy given what Rebecca has said,
right? She's talking about 100 billion
or so. I mean, are those, you know,
ambitious targets to you or do you think
manageable?
>> Well, I think they're manageable and,
you know, I think right now, as Rebecca
mentioned, I mean, the Hong Kong ETF
market is booming right now, but I think
most importantly, as the chart that was
kind of flipped up or shown up there
around the AUM, this has been a
sustained kind of significant growth
trajectory. I mean, AUM has more than
doubled in the last 5 years and we're
continuing to see that grow.
But it's it's really been a very kind of
strategic, kind of intentional effort to
get there with getting the plumbing, you
know, right in the market. Also, a lot
of new products. Investors are now more
aware and have a better understanding of
ETFs globally. So, all the right
ingredients are there for sustained
sustained
success. And so, I think the numbers
that, you know, Rebecca mentioned are
definitely very achievable here in the
short term and the near term.
>> What does it look like in terms of of
the most popular products though?
Because as Rebecca was saying, for
instance, we've got these these
leveraged ETFs that are tracking SK
Hynix or Samsung. I mean, what are the
products that you're you're actually
seeing most interest in and then you're
looking to develop out further?
>> Yeah. So, I think when you look at the
investor set, Hong Kong previously had
always been largely an institutional
market. So, those products, a lot of
market trackers, those were very
successful. What we have seen in the
last several years is more of the retail
market coming into the Hong Kong ETF
space and I think that's actually
brought a new dynamic into the market.
So, the products that we're starting to
see a lot more success and a lot more
traction behind one cover call ETFs. So,
Rebecca mentioned the Global X product
that has seen significant growth.
Investors are really looking for yield
enhancing types of products. So, these
cover call the ETFs are generating
yields in excess of 13%.
So, this has been a big attraction,
especially
you know, when you see that compared to
normal which is kind of fixed income
yields. So, that's been one big
attraction.
Levered and inverse strategies have been
extremely popular in our markets. We
brought out the single stock levered and
inverse. So, the SK Hynix and the
Samsung product that CSOP manages has
been
really kind of popular for investors to
get access to the Korea market. I think
that's an important thing. You know,
Korea has had tremendous amount of
upward performance here in the past, you
know, 12-plus months, but it's also a
difficult market to access. So, these
products really represent an easy access
tool for retail investors to get in
there. And I think as a result, the
XK,
the SK Hynix ETF, that single stock
levered and inverse product is now the
third largest by AUM globally of all the
single stock levered and inverse
products out there.
>> How are you are you managing the risk
behind some of these single stock
leveraged ETFs? We did have Ding Chen
from CSOP on just last week and and she
mentioned they too are considering
whether, you know, two times leverage
is that too much or too high for some of
these retail investors who have been
sort of burned given the volatility that
we've seen around the Korean names as
well. What's your response to that?
>> Well, I mean, I think anytime we look to
bring out any of these kind of products,
we need to make sure that they are
risk-managed appropriately. So, the
maximum amount of leverage that these
products can have is up to two times.
They can always reduce if the ETF
issuers feel that's more appropriate to
give that kind of exposure. But from our
standpoint, we have very rigorous
risk controls kind of put in place so
that from a systemic risk standpoint, we
have the appropriate amount of margining
that's happening behind these products.
So, from our standpoint, we feel like
the risk parameters behind these
products is is suitable for what they
are,
but we'll continue to work with the
issuers, the SFC, around how these
products are constructed and and
regulated.
>> We're seeing a lot of demand for these
ETFs from from mainland China as well
because they're making up a really big
part of the connect flows. Do you have
any sense of the reason for that?
>> Yeah. Well, I I think with you know, for
ETF Connect for the Chinese mainland
investors,
they're looking for diversification.
And I think that's been one of the big
things that have been driving them.
So, they are looking for
diversification. They're coming into our
Hong Kong ETF market. I think right now
we've seen we have according to our
records about 8 to 9 billion US dollars
worth of assets under management that
has come through Southbound Connect. So,
we're seeing that kind of across a wide
spectrum of products. Now, the kind of
the innovation that we're watching for
that I do think will continue to
accelerate growth is what we call the
60/40 ETFs. It's the It's really in
compliance with the the rules that we
have for ETF eligibility in ETF Connect.
So, that basically allows ETFs to
at least construct a product that has
40% international equity underlying in
conjunction with 60% Hong Kong equities.
We're seeing a lot of innovation, a lot
of ETF issuers and index providers are
bringing out these kind of products.
So, this will be another area that we're
going to continue to probably see growth
as there is a need for mainland
investors to really get more
diversification. And and some of those
earlier products that are now eligible,
we're seeing really good cash flows
starting to go into them.
>> As well, I've talked about zero-day
options. That's something that you said
could be launching maybe this this year.
How How are we to a launch now?
>> Well, I mean for us, you know, part of
our kind of strategy when it comes down
to ETFs, derivatives is we are aware of
the trend for retail investors to come
into the market. So, we have been
preparing our product lineup to attract
more of the retail participation.
We are aware that a lot of retail
investors they go to the US and they're
trading a lot of different products. So,
the covered call ETFs, the single stock
levered and inverse is part of that
strategy. We do have strategies on the
derivative side as well. So, we have
weekly stock options that we launched
about a year and a half ago. We have
seen tremendous amount of growth there.
And we're going to continue to kind of
we're going to continue in our
you know, in our kind of bringing out
more short dated types of options
whether it's on the single stock or the
index side. So, we have seen the
phenomenon of zero dated options in the
US. It is something that we're starting
to have those kind of engagements and in
conversations with the market, the
regulator. So, in due course we could
see those coming out.
>> Gold futures, I mean we're talking about
a lot of that.
I know can you tell us some more I mean
there's obviously so much action when it
comes to gold ETFs.
>> Yeah.
>> How do you think this kind of relaunch
and that you guys are doing with gold
futures how does that fit into this
whole kind of gold hub that Hong Kong
wants you to to be?
>> Well, I think it's going to be an
important part of you know, Hong Kong
from a government standpoint they have
the ambition to become a gold hub and
there's a lot of different parts to
that. I think from an exchange
standpoint we're going to help support
that ambition. I think one is doing it
through the ETFs. Hang Seng launched a
very innovative ETF this year that
actually allows physical redemption. So,
people retail and anybody can actually
redeem for the physical gold which is
the only type of product you know,
globally that has that. We'll also look
to do the same thing. I think in order
to have a vibrant commodity market,
whether it's gold or other commodities,
you need to have the derivative
ecosystem to support it as well. So,
we're working very, very closely with
that the task force that's really kind
of focus on developing the gold kind of
ecosystem here in Hong Kong and, you
know, we'll work closely with them to
bring out the appropriate products and
derivatives for them.
>> Brian, great to see you again. Thanks
for coming into the studio. That was
Brian Roberts, the managing director
head of equities product development at
HKX and you can tune into ETF IQ Asia
every Friday on the China show. We're
bringing you more analysis and
conversations with top market players
and also newsmakers. We'll have more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Well, from tariffs to the conflict in
the Middle East, traditional US allies
are increasingly viewing Washington as
an unreliable partner under President
Trump and
many actually hedging hedging their bets
rather by way of China.
>> Bloomberg Originals explores how the US
president may be accelerating Beijing's
influence on the global stage. Here's a
preview.
>> There's a phrase which China's president
Xi Jinping likes to use.
The world is undergoing changes which
have not been seen in a hundred years.
>> Now, these changes have appeared to
arrive, but they're delivered
unexpectedly by Donald Trump.
>> Epic fury. I said I like that name.
>> Amid the noise of war, the stance of
another major power is speaking volumes.
>> The US is demonstrating itself to be a
force for instability in the world and
that gives President Xi and China a
chance to present themselves as the
adults in the room.
>> China is happy to see the United States
getting bogged down in the Middle East.
China has long viewed the existing order
as being too dominated by the US. So,
Trump's challenges to that order
actually presents Xi Jinping a very good
opportunity. And the question is whether
she is ready to seize it.
>> In many ways, he already has.
>> Trump's first trade war made China
realize that dependence on the US is a
very dangerous thing. China's exports to
the US fell about 20% last year. But in
the end, China had a record trade
surplus hitting 1.2 trillion US dollars.
>> China deliberately tried to diversify
away from the US as a consumer base.
>> So, do Trump's actions strengthen China
or expose it to more risk it cannot
control?
>> And subscribers can see that documentary
in full right now on the terminal or at
bloomberg.com.
Uh yeah, just to talk a little more
about the China story. We we did get
some data earlier on in the last hour
when it came to industrial profits. Mind
you, these are a bit dated given the
fact it was before the Iran conflict
began. But then again, there were some
pretty interesting numbers, right? We're
talking about 15.2% increase in
industrial profits for the first 2
months of this year. So, even before
this sort of geopolitical risk and all
that, you know, you're starting to see
signs of maybe a recovery trend that's
being formed. And you got to wonder, you
know, with the spike in energy prices,
is this sort of reflation story in China
finally coming through?
>> Yeah, well, Lian Tien too was making
this point at the top of the hour that
actually this
the war in Iran could end up being a a
boom for China on multiple fronts if it
does actually manage to sort of stoke
these in inflationary signals in the
economy. I think as well though what
we're really seeing develop from a lot
of different investors is is China can
actually act as a safe haven as well.
>> Yeah, that's why you have the likes of
Mizuho, Sean Darby, you know, talking
about maybe, you know, the CSI 300
probably bottomed, they think, back in
2024.
Uh and they're talking about this out of
30/70
portfolio when it comes to bonds and
equities. Um and and you know, the value
tilt that they think is probably the way
to go from here forward. Gavical also
came through saying bonds are are sort
of the Chinese bonds story is sort of
more of that reserve asset in the face a
lot of this volatility as well. So, you
know, if you start to see what we're
starting to see, maybe early signs of
domestic debt demand bottoming, and you
start to see more, you know,
anti-involution, and we heard that from
regulators this week already to rein in
these price wars, or you know, maybe we
are starting to see some mild reflation
coming through once again.
>> Yeah, that's that's a big question, and
as you said, it that sovereign debt
story, um at least from Gavical's
perspective, it is also underpinned by
China's ability to to produce more
electricity at a low cost than anyone
else, and that's really one of their
major benefits.
>> But is it bad inflation? That's the big
question. There's still caveats to all
of this trade, obviously, here, right?
And what this means when it comes to uh
the industrial side of things, when it
comes to these, you know, it's not
really maybe not domestic demand, but
maybe it's more just about material
costs and the like that's rising, right?
So,
we got plenty more to go. Have a great
weekend.